This is a React Native CLI application developed with React Native, firebase and stylesheet.

to run this app, use android studio with command npx react-native run-android

release-apk through gradle is also provided in the repo.

This App is developed using React Native along with styled components as front end & Firebase as NoDB. Fetch with HTTP was used to get different quotes, generate jokes & memes by clicking button. React Native share component was used to share quotes, jokes & memes on different platforms like WhatsApp, & also copy to clipboard. User can also publish his/her own quote in the app, User can listen to different quotes, change the background which is also integrated by using axios get API from Internet which provides a list of different wallpapers & it is set on background of each quote using Stylesheet. UseEffect is used to get data at start with dependency to update when data is updated & rerender component. third party libraries are also used of React native to complete functionality. Google login is also integrated but playstore policy removed it. App is currently published on playstore. Admob API was also integrated in the App with video Ads after each generate joke click. to know more about me go to about us section by opening side toggle menu & click on about us, click in linkedin icon to return to this page. Thanks.This App is developed using React Native along with styled components as front end & Node Js as backend. Axios with HTTP was used to get different quotes, generate jokes & memes by clicking button. React Native share component was used to share quotes, jokes & memes on different platforms like WhatsApp, & also copy to clipboard. User can also publish his/her own quote in the app, User can listen to different quotes, change the background which is also integrated by using axios get API from Internet which provides a list of different wallpapers & it is set on background of each quote using Stylesheet. UseEffect is used to get data at start with dependency to update when data is updated & rerender component. third party libraries are also used of React native to complete functionality. Google login is also integrated but playstore policy removed it. App is currently published on playstore. Admob API was also integrated in the App with video Ads after each generate joke click. to know more about me go to about us section by opening side toggle menu & click on about us, click in linkedin icon to return to this page. Thanks.
Skills: React Native 路 JavaScript 路 Cloud Firestore 路 REST APIs 路 Scss

